feat(config): Add mergeable `addLabels` option (#7869)
renovatebot/renovate: docs/usage/configuration-options.md

If you have any questions about the below config options, or would like to get help/feedback about a config, please post it as an issue in [renovatebot/config-help](https://github.com/renovatebot/config-help) where we will do our best to answer your question.

## addLabels

> Different sets of package matching `labels` are not appended to PRs, last matched rule just fully override labels to set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `labels` field is non-mergeable, meaning that any config setting a list of PR labels will replace any existing list that existed.
```

If you want to append labels for matched rules, then define an `addLabels` array of one or more label strings to append to the PR so all matched `addLabels` will be attached to PR.

Consider this example:

```json
{
  "labels": ["dependencies"],
  "packageRules": [
    {
      "packagePatterns": ["eslint"],

>       "addLabels": ["linting"]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      "labels": ["linting"]
```

    },
    {
      "depTypeList": ["optionalDependencies"],
      "addLabels": ["optional"]
    }
  ]
}
```

> With the above config, every PR raised by Renovate will have the label `dependencies` while PRs containing `eslint`-related packages will instead have labels `dependencies` and `linting`, PRs for optional dependencies will have `dependencies` and `optional`, and so on for different combinations of matched rules.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With the above config:
 - Optional dependencies will have the labels `dependencies` and `optional`
 - ESLint dependencies will have the label `linting`
 - All other dependencies will have the label `dependencies`
```

If you have any questions about the below config options, or would like to get help/feedback about a config, please post it as an issue in [renovatebot/config-help](https://github.com/renovatebot/config-help) where we will do our best to answer your question.

## addLabels

> The `labels` field is non-mergeable, meaning that any config setting a list of PR labels will replace any existing list that existed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `labels` field is non-mergeable, meaning that any config setting a list of PR labels will replace any existing list.
```

> If you want to append labels for matched rules, then define an `addLabels` array of one or more label strings to append to the PR so all matched `addLabels` will be attached to PR.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you want to append labels for matched rules, then define an `addLabels` array with one (or more) label strings.
All matched `addLabels` strings will be attached to the PR.
```

With the above config, every PR raised by Renovate will have the label `dependencies` while PRs containing `eslint`-related packages will instead have the label `linting`.

> ## addLabels

Reviewer 3: needs to be ordered alphabetically
